# Should big data be considered a threat to society despite its importance?
In this assignment, I will compare and contrast the two articles regarding the misuse of data, especially in politics. Political entities have utilized data analytics to form effective strategies as well as to spread their campaigns through various social media platforms. The first article claims the inappropriate political usage of big data while the second article supports the implementation of big data on political events.  

## Article 1
In Brookings's [Data misuse and disinformation: Technology and the 2022 elections](https://www.brookings.edu/blog/techtank/2022/06/21/data-misuse-and-disinformation-technology-and-the-2022-elections/), Lai illustrates how the emerging of technology and big data continuously leads to the rise of disinformation. The disinformation shared on social media creates overwhelming chaos to the society, taking away the individual's ability to separate fact and fiction. Not only does political access to big data disseminate false information, it violates the individual's privacy. The technological improvement is leading to a suppression of voting rights, weakening protection. 
Furthermore, microtargeting allowed political individuals to spread the misinformation to specific groups of the public, utilizing the data collected through social media platforms. With the use of collected data of people's online activity, or the contents they encounter frequently, the algorithm further supports the spreading of misinformation. For an improved efficiency in microtargeting, geofencing has been used by the political entities to track when individuals entered a specific geographical area. 

## Article 2
Contrastingly, the article [Election campaigns recognize need for analytics in politics](https://www.techtarget.com/searchbusinessanalytics/feature/Election-campaigns-recognize-need-for-analytics-in-politics) mentions both the extreme political use of data as well as the necessity of data to increase the efficiency of political campaigns. Politicians utilize data in an attempt to ensure their victory in an election as it informs them the area where issues are arousing from their campaign. Analytics allow political campaigns to gain more power and thus evolve the decisions made to further benefit the society.  
By comparing the two articles, it is apparent that technology is being a threat to the society while its use is also almost inevitable in the modern society. Utilizing individual's collected data goes against their privacy and could be considered immoral. However, according to article 2, for politicians to recognize any flaws in their campaigns that serve to improve society, their access to big data should be allowed. Therefore, the frequency of data misuse continues to increase which ironically improves the society and political matters. 
